  The article by Technical Manager, Bill Langenberg of TripAdvisor provides opinions from an internal perspective.  He provides details on what a software engineer employer looks for in potential candidates and also goes into providing advice on what candidates should prepare for.  This article not only provides useful tips on what to expect from employers but also how to prepare yourself.  Not only does one have knowledged at what they do, but one must also be productive and utilize their time efficiently.  I found the short article on Linux to be my point of interest.  I'll elaborate on that in a bit.
  Computer Science can be a broad subject but an understanding of different aspects of it can help you get an edge over others.  Simple skills such as problem solving, algorithm analysis, and debugging are looked at by employers.  Another example that was given was how to keep your coding clean and documented with comments.  During my Introduction to Computer Science and Introduction into Python, my instructors stressed the importance of cleaning up algorithm codes and leave comments on different parts of the script.  This sort of documentation will help others to understand what the code is doing and where to find certain sections of codes.  Bill acknowledges that what my instructors have been telling us is what employers are looking for in candidates.
  Bill goes on to talk about being productive and efficient.  We've all heard the term: "Time is money" since we have started working.  Employers are looking for candidates who are good at what they do but can do it efficiently also.  I recently ran across a python assignment where I took a couple hours to figure out just to realize that it did not work.  I decided to rewrite the algorithm but this time I took my time to think it through.  Not only did my code turn out cleaner, but I was done within a quarter of the time it took me to write the first algorithm.  I realized that rushing into the process, I created more chaos in the coding than a solution to the assignment.
  Linux was briefly mentioned in the guide but it was the one thing that caught my attention.  It's a subject that's hard for me to ignore since I've started my journey into college.  Linux is everywhere.  Those who use it, love it.  Those who haven't, cringe.  It's not an easy subject to learn but to hear the word "Linux" come from a manager such as Bill, tells me that Linux is used at TripAdvisor.  I look forward to learning more about Linux even after taking college courses on Linux.  There's only one way to test if the water is really warm; just jump right in.
  I hope that everyone enjoyed the article by Bill Langenberg and found something that they can take along with them.  I'm glad to come across this article since it gave the perspective of a technical manager.
